Idea: allow away team to do things that give upgrades (anomalies) to the ship
	Double heat loss caused by coolant (5m)
	Triple scanning speed (5m)
	100% buff to beam recharge rate (5m)
	100% buff to warp/impulse speed (5m)
	300% buff to shield recharge rate (5m)
		Maybe let comms order a choice of these upgrades from station
Idea: allow away team to do things that determine what type of ship you get initially
      or how much it starts with

Question: How did the planet get trapped in the Nexus?  (A: Nexus formed by space/time rift)
	Was the Diana part of the cause? (A: Yes)

Should the Crew get to start in the Diana with all the buffs of previous years? (plus repairs)
    Gravity well dampener
        Good work.  We have analyzed the signal you sent us and determined that the signal is
        emanating from the wormhole itself.  SB01 has a prototype shuttle that can enter the
        wormhole.  Any TSN ship larger than a Scout can dock at SB01 to pick it up.  We recommend
        that you prepare an away team with an experienced engineer who can deal with the Diana.
        --
        Aegis, we have installed the scout shuttle Ceres. Be advised that it is not designed for
        battle, so we recommend that your Away Team launch it only when you are near the wormhole.
        (You must select Scout as the type of Ceres in order to launch it.)
        --
        Ceres has entered the wormhole.
    Whale attractor:
        We have analyzed the Cetrocite device schematic from the Diana.  Our research indicates
        that such a device might be able to attract space whales within a range of about 25k.
	"The Diana's computer contains detailed schematics for a prototype Cetrocite device,
	which surely must be related to its secret mission."
	"We have analyzed the Cetrocite device schematic from the Diana.  Our research indicates
	that such a device might be able to attract space whales within a range of about 25k"
    Antigrav:
        "SB01 has a prototype shuttle that can enter the wormhole."
    End:
    	"Good work!  The Arvonians have abandoned their attack on DS1, at least for now.  The
	TSN Diana is also safe and we can now complete the renovations on her to prepare to return
	her to service again.^^The AI that took over the Diana seems to be of Arvonian origin,
	and was apparently dormant in a damaged memory bank long before the Diana was towed here
	to DS1.  Recent repairs to the Diana must have reawakened it.  It seems possible that it
	was somehow connected to the Diana's original fate from which it was rescued during the
	recent Diana Operation."

Is there a way for a mission to test for when a specific upgrade is triggered?
    mission 1 used Cetrocite Crystals and a video from Colin Chick

In Mission 2, it was revealed that an Arvonian AI had been in the Diana from before it crashed
        We're interrogating the AI that took over the Diana.  It seems to be of Arvonian origin,
        and was apparently dormant in a damaged memory bank long before the Diana was towed here
        to DS1.  Recent repairs to the Diana must have reawakened it.  It seems possible that it
        was somehow connected to the Diana's original fate from which it was rescued during the
        recent Diana Operation.  More details will likely not be available until after you
        complete this mission, however.

It was being interrogated and provides the hook for Mission 3, whatever it is
Could Comms have a way to ask questions of the AI during Mission 3?

Wrecked Ceres is still on Elysia (might have been repaired since then)
    Coolant and Energy were transferred to the Diana

Is there a way for a player ship to be cloaked to look like a space whale?  Can it be changed?
    What if spawn a generic mesh that wraps the player ship?

What if Elysia comes under attack and the Diana has to save them?

What is the Away Team mission this time?

Tip: Don't start with any empty ship, allow all spots to be occupied!

Canon question: how did this end?
    what year is it?  Torgoth/Arvonian vs TSN
    >2188 (nukes added)
    >2189 (Artemis class ship)
    >=2199 (Battleship added)
    >=2200 (Science vessel added)
    <= 2201 ? (TAK war ended)
    or
        2215-2219
    2220 (DS->Cmd Base upgrades)
    2235 TSN fighters appear
    2240 war

https://artemis.forumchitchat.com/post/v2-7-stub-shuttle-docking-with-station-with-cargo-transport-9936645?pid=1306326841#post1306326841
    lets a shuttle dock with a station somehow

Q: when should we get instructions on how phantom whale beacons work
             A) Start with some on board [NO: this doesn't let use video or comms message for reference]
             B) Start with 0 but some on station ready for pickup and get instructions then
                    This lets us use a video/text
                    Most interesting if base has a decent number at beginning
             C) Start with 0 beacons ready but base produces them over time
                    This lets us use a video/text
                    But is less interesting since have to battle without them
             D) Get them after Away Team mission [NO: this is less interesting]

We want a two-ship mission: Artemis and Diana, potentially with fighters and/or shuttles
	What ship type was Diana? Ans: Lt Cruiser
	What ship type was Artemis? Battleship?

Mission 3 starts at a station where Diana and Artemis are both docked (to minimize time to briefing)
	Mission initially gives results of AI interrogation, e.g.:
		Diana had new experimental cloaking device (secret)
		Diana was on mission to get to Elysia
			[related to whale attraction & cetrocite]
		Arvonian AI had infected Diana before the crash
			Maybe the AI originated from Elysia?
		AI tried to sabotage the device, and something went wrong, creating the wormhole
			interaction between device, planet [cetrocite], and AI
		Diana crashed on Elysia and deactivated the AI
		[unrelated to whale attraction & cetrocite?]
	Secretly, the motivation is to create a blackhole/wormhole construction device
		scientists need to analyze the cetrocite field around Elysia to try to recreate it
		(Diana's records are too damaged so that info was lost, either need to re-record or
		possibly get from crashed Ceres?)
	Ethical Q: can device be used to create a blackhole/wormhole? or should it be destroyed?
		result 1: returned to TSN
		result 2: captured by Arvonians
		result 3: destroyed, no one gets it
	Mission Q: what is the stated goal?
	Mission Q: what is the Diana's goal?
		Diana can safely get to Elysia to do something
		can we provide a dialog with the AI?
	Mission Q: what is the Artemis's goal?
		Use already-equipped Cetrocite device to get Arvonians to target Torgoth?
	Mission Q: what is the away team goal?
			Maybe find the AI's origin on Elysia?
			Arvonian base?  Arvonian parent AI?
		Y1 was just to find someone in a crowd (only needed 1-2)
	 	Y2 was to defuse a bomb (needed lots)
		can we somehow use HID lamps as a console to interact with?
			CRUX is output only, but could be paired with a regular keyboard
			keyboard is input/output
	M1 question: what was gravity device made from? never revealed
	             what was whale attractor device made from? Cetrocite

Programming items:
* Use a skin to make the Diana look like a whale, allow controls to engage/disengage device
	in vesselData.xml, vessel art has
			meshfile="dat/artemis.dxs"
			diffuseFile=
			glowFile=
			specularFile=
* Use a towed beacon to make the Artemis whale attractor work, allow controls to engage/disengage device
* Should we reuse Colin's video, with subtitles added?
Q: can there be "shield" frequencies of a black hole?

M1 storyboard:
	Investigate signal
	Go back to get shuttle that can navigate wormhole
	Drop off shuttle at wormhole, with away team
	Away team:
		Find person
		Relay plans
		Navigate Diana out
	Artemis:
		opt: Go back and get cetrocite device
		opt: use device against Arvonians
	End when Diana is returned

M2 storyboard:
 	Saboteur strikes DS1, must return to drop away team
	Away team:
		go defuse bomb
	Later, saboteur takes Diana and escapes station
	One ship needs to go stop Diana (hack and board)
	(various side missions exist to keep everyone busy, since this is in TSN space)
	[this mission idea was generated from how we might use KTANE]
	End when Diana is returned

---
Sample storyboard
Phase 1: everyone gets their mission
	 Diana goes into enemy space with cloaking device (weapons can
	 Artemis tries to get Arvonians to target Torgoth (all stations busy?)
Phase 2: Diana enters wormhole again, Elysia appears
	 Diana communicates with planet (is it occupied now?  under attack? ...)
	 	Maybe planet is now ruled by another Arvonian AI and away team needs to deactivate it
	 Diana sends Away Team for whatever reason, maybe they need to take a shuttle or let Diana land
	 Artemis keeps fighting
	 Diana might leave wormhole and fight while Away Team is left planetside?
Phase 3: maybe destroy device and restore Elysia to normal space

Q: What's a good *group* activity (game/puzzle) for the away team to do?
	(that models what might be on a planet or space station)
	phone a friend is ok if need info from the actual game
		can there be "shield" frequencies of a black hole?

	so far idea is to find a way to hack into an AI mainframe or base to deactivate it
	and somehow involve HID Lamp device(s)
		what was that Oculus game?
	what is group effort?
		a) phone contact
		b) viewer(s) of HID Lamp devices
		c) input controller(s)
		d) instruction controller(s)
	what is Lamp Device?
	Hey, what if we used escape room equipment?!

Can spawn an actual whale next to Artemis, or stationary
Can spawn a whale-like skin around Artemis, or stationary
Can manually add CHASE_WHALE to Torgoth ships
Can manually add AVOID_WHALE and/or remove CHASE_PLAYER from Arvonian ships
	problem with CHASE_PLAYER is that it's incorrect for a multiship mission
	Conclusions: Arvonians are hard to script
	https://artemis.forumchitchat.com/post/destroy-all-randomly-named-ships-problem-solved-8572294?pid=1296341393
Can drop an anomaly of type attract/repel whale


Backstory: Just over two years ago, a plan to break up the Arvonian/Torgoth alliance was hatched,
but the whale-specific device would require a bunch of Cetrocite which was not readily available in TSN space
but was detected on Elysia, a planet in enemy territory.   So the Diana was outfitted with an experimental
(and secret) cloaking device installed [which might be usable in this years mission] and sent into enemy
territory to Elysia.

    However, when it approached Elysia and started scanning the planet, the Arvonian AI
    already on Elysia infected the Diana via the comms/sensor systems, and tried to sabotage
    the Diana's cloaking device.  However in doing so, something went wrong with the experimental device
    due to the interaction between the experimental system, the sabotage, and Elysia's gravity/magnetic field,
    and it created a rift in the space/time, which caused the wormhole to appear, and the Elysia and Diana
    to get stuck in it, and the Diana then crashed on Elysia.

Now advance to present.  The master AI in the Elysia mainframe has figured this out, analyzed what happened
(remember generations have passed due to the time differential) and thinks it might be able to recreate this
effect, and use it as a weapon to destroy (or at least neutralize) other entire planets like Earth, thus
winning the war.   (The AI that infected the Diana does not have the details since it was dormant since the
crash, and the Dianas records were too damaged in the crash for the AI to figure out anything similar after
reawakening.)

During the mission, the Away Team will learn the truth from the mainframe AI, and maybe even get the plans
to create this super weapon (you know a death star).  Will they:
a)  Try to provide the super-weapon plans to TSN command? or
b)  Destroy them so no one gets them?

Y3 mission intro (want video):

    Two years ago, TSN researchers began formulating a plan to try to break up the Arvonian/Torgoth
    alliance, with whom the TSN has been at war for years.  This plan relied on constructing a device that
    was merely theoretical at the time, and to fully design and develop would require large amounts of a
    rare mineral known as Cetrocite, and so the Diana was sent on a secret mission into enemy
    territory to a planet that probes indicated had virtually unlimited deposits of Cetrocite.

    However, the mission failed when both the Diana and the planet suddenly vanished into a newly appeared
    wormhole, which then disappeared as quickly as it appeared.  Months laster, the wormhole reopened and
    an Artemis Away Team took a shuttle into the wormhole and recovered the crippled Diana from the planet
    Elysia still inside the wormhole, and returned the Diana to TSN space, after discovering that generations
    had passed on Elysia due to the time differential inside.

    Repairs on the heavily damaged Diana continued for many months, until its computer banks were finally
    fully restored, whereupon it was discovered that it had been infected with an Arvonian AI that had
    been dormant in damaged memory banks and had been reawakened when the memory was repaired.  The AI was
    eventually neutralized and interrogated.

    We have now learned that the AI originated from a mainframe on Elysia and had infected the Diana when the
    Diana began scanning the planet.  For its secret mission into enemy space, the Diana had been outfitted with
    an experimental cloaking device, cobbled together from parts salvaged from a Skaraan wreck.  The AI
    had attempted to sabotage this device, but in so doing caused the Diana to crash on the planet and much
    of the computer record was lost as a result.

    Now that the Diana is restored to normal operation and scientists predict another opening of the wormhole
    is imminent, we must resume the original mission.  The Artemis must defend TSN space while the Diana heads
    back to Elysia to retrieve a cargo of Cetrocite, and investigate the mainframe.  If the mainframe contains
    a record of the plan to break up the enemy alliance, it is critical that the records be deleted or the
    mainframe destroyed to prevent Arvonian command from learning of the plan.
